# Overview
The following PCB project has a few goals. Namely, it is a training board to expose the designer to working with various features. In this way, it serves as a development board first and foremost. The hardware and or firmware features that should be explored with the board are listed in the specifications document. Primarily, the project focuses on utilizing STM32 architecture to build a BLE enabled board.

## 3/18/2025 Update
Layout is coming along and I am making my way to the STM32 and audio blocks. I decided to get with a ceramic chip antenna instead of the PCB antenna to increase chance of successful RF performance since I don't have RF tools right now. As such, I am using the spatial feedback of the mapped blocks to make final changes in the schematic. For example, I am most likely going to omit the onboard speaker because it really isn't necessary and I can get the version with the plug instead and use that. It looks like I will want to plan to mount the display on the bottomside of the board, otherwise I will cover any exposed pins. This requires moving the connector. Once I get that and the audio block sorted, the rest of the placement should be fairly straightforward.

## 3/7/2025 Update
Layout has started! Finally. I have made a big push to wrap up the schematic layout and do any corresponding research into the various things I wanted to study while building the board, such as RF theory, audio theory, best high-speed layout practices, EMI/EMC topics, etc etc.
The schematic is largely done and should only need adjustment to address bugs or layout improvements. The layout itself is roughly mapped out and currently is sketched to support mounting the chosen LCD screen directly on top of the board, but this require sizeable footprint so I might scrap that idea as I get more blocks placed. I am currently in the stage of doing the rough placing of components relative to the center component (e.g. the STM32, USB PD chip, DC-DC regulators, audio DAC + amp, etc etc). The USB PD block is done and now I am moving on to the DC-DC converters to route power to the downstream circuitry.
